Update using-realtime-updates.md (#178)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/streams/tutorials/using-realtime-updates.md

    {"ip": "30.1.1.3", "action": "block", "rule": "blacklistB"},
    {"ip": "40.1.1.4", "action": "block", "rule": "blacklistA"},
    {"ip": "50.1.1.5", "action": "block", "rule": "blacklistB"},
]

pp = pprint.PrettyPrinter(indent=4)

if __name__ == '__main__':

    # Step1: Open connection to GDN. You will be routed to closest region.
    print(f"\n1. CONNECT: federation: {GLOBAL_URL},  user: {EMAIL}")
    client = C8Client(protocol='https', host=GLOBAL_URL, port=443, apikey="", geofabric=FABRIC)

>     # Step2: Create a collection if not exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Step 2: Create a collection if one does not exist
```

    print(f"\n2. CREATE_COLLECTION: region: {GLOBAL_URL},  collection: {COLLECTION_NAME}")
    if client.has_collection(COLLECTION_NAME):
        collection = client.collection(COLLECTION_NAME)
    else:
        collection = client.create_collection(COLLECTION_NAME, stream=True)

>     # Subscriber to receive events when changes are made to collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Subscribe to be notified when changes are made to collection.
```
